= Programmers test

Welcome to ConcepticHQ programmers test. This test is written to check your qualification as a programmer. These tests are short but a bit tricky. Good luck!

= HTML, CSS and JS test

We have a example layout HTML_CSS_js/index.html.
HTML/CSS - Style this layout according to wireframe HTML_CSS_js/wireframe.png.
Footer must always stick to bottom. header background must be in 100% width of the page and in height of the header.
JS - Header has search box. Searchbox must contain text "Search...". If user clicks in this field, text must disappear. User should not be able to submit text without entering anything.
In right sidebar we have two select boxes. If on first selectbox user selects Option 1, second selectbox must have only Suboption 1. If user selects Option 2, then only Suboption 2 is displayed. And the same goes for Option 3.

Note on HTML/CSS: You are free to use classes and id's as you please. Move tags around as you need it. jQuery 1.8 is added from Googles CDN.

Quality measure HTML/CSS: Readability, possibility of reusing classes and id's in other pages, SEO.

Note on JS: You are free to add data attributes, classes and id's to tags.

Quality measure: Readability of code, conciseness, usage of jQuery.

= SQL Join test (HABTM relationship)

In example file sql/sql_join_test we have a sql file for PostgreSQL database.
There are three tables in this structure: posts, categories_posts, categories.
We have four category records, five post records and four categories_posts records.
Let's write a sql join statement, that will select all posts with category "IT" and second one, that will select all posts without category.

Quality measure: You just need to accomplish this task.

= Ruby test

We have two ruby files weather.rb and weather_spec.rb. Weather spec is an RSpec test for this task.
weather.rb contains Weather class, on which our test is based. When creating new instance of Weather a class, we pass file_url. As our test states we will use weather_kuldiga.xml and weather_ventspils.xml in the same directory.

Note: You must use regular expressions to get data from the XML file. Please do not use libraries like Nokogiri.

Quality measure: Readability of code, conciseness, structure.